Moves to GitHub actions build (#188) (#61)
openzipkin/brave-karaf: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Please first, look at existing issues to see if the feature has been requested before.
labels: enhancement
---

> Please first, look at [existing issues](https://github.com/openzipkin/zipkin-gcp/issues) to see if the feature has been requested before. If you don't find anything tell us what problem you’re trying to solve. Often a solution already exists! Don’t send pull requests to implement new features without first getting our support. Sometimes we leave features out on purpose to keep the project small.

Author: ```suggestion
Please first, look at [existing issues](https://github.com/openzipkin/brave-karaf/issues) to see if the feature has been requested before. If you don't find anything tell us what problem you’re trying to solve. Often a solution already exists! Don’t send pull requests to implement new features without first getting our support. Sometimes we leave features out on purpose to keep the project small.
```
